Capture PPR/PPM passes and register MLIR pass names (#8519)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  [(#8486)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8486)
  [(#8495)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8495)

* The `ftqc` module now includes dummy transforms for several Catalyst/MLIR passes (`to-ppr`, `commute-ppr`, `merge-ppr-ppm`, `pprm-to-mbqc` 
  and `reduce-t-depth`), to allow them to be captured as primitives in PLxPR. Mapping these primitives to the MLIR passes in Catalyst will 

>   enable using the passes with the unified compiler and program capture.

Author: ```suggestion
  and `reduce-t-depth`), to allow them to be captured as primitives in PLxPR and mapped to the MLIR passes in Catalyst. This enables using the passes with the unified compiler and program capture.
```
